Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What is this?
Why?
Why are we here?
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Time of Eternity
The symbol that has
been branded on to your skin...
...marks you as sacrificial offerings.
The life of those who have
been branded now belong to us...
...as offerings, and
every last drop of your blood...
...until your death throes...
...is food for the life of our
beloved unborn child of darkness.
Wait!
Hang on, Griffith!
I'll get you out of there soon!
It's no use!
Human strength is
utterly useless in this case.
Your help is irrelevant in this matter.
All is dictated by his own will.
Shut up!
You must have heard what we said...
He's the one who has the final say.
I said...
Shut up!
That's not possible!
Was it you...
Was it you who wanted this?
Sacrifice, sacrifice, sacrifice...
Pippin!
Run!
Go!
Run, run away!
Survive and live on!
What are you saying!
What are you doing?
Let go, Pippin is...
Pippin!
We can't leave him there to die!
Stop it!
You are our leader now!
You must survive!
As long as we have a commander,
it's not the end of the Hawks.
I won't let us end this way, not like this!
Commander!
A dream.
This is all a dream!
The Midland Army...
The Band of Hawk...
It was all a dream!
If you think about it, it was
all much too good to be true...
That's right!
All a dream!
This is all a dream!
When I open my eyes,
everything will be over!
And all I'll have is myself.
A woman in hell?
This must be a dream.
Damn it.
I'm such a sucker.
Why?
Damn it.
Judeau, to your right!
Judeau!
Are you all right?
Yeah, you saved me.
Judeau...
That's enough...
Turn back!
It's the same, wherever we go!
They'll come after us!
We should at least end it
together with our swords in our hands.
Quiet, you'll bite your tongue!
We've got to fight it.
We'll struggle and
resist, right to the bitter end.
You want to face
them just to get killed?
No thanks, I don't want that.
Guts wouldn't either.
Judeau!
Move, stupid!
Why are you...
That's enough.
Stop!
Judeau!
Did I get him?
With my last knife?
Yes, you got him.
He's dead.
Go...
What the hell are you saying?
You just said we have to
struggle, resist until the very end!
Stand UP!
I'm taking you with me,
even if I have to drag you!
All right...
I obey.
Even if it means crawling...
Yes, you'd better!
I guess I wasn't thinking
carefully when I said all that...
Take responsibility for your own words.
I'm afraid I've always
been, you know, all talk.
If you've got the strength for excuses...
...use it to walk!
So many things I wanted to share...
...I guess I missed my chance.
Those few important words...
You sure do cry a lot, don't you?
I guess these are my last words.
Judeau?
The sacrifice...
Sacrifice...
The sacrificial woman...
Shall we eat?
Shall we eat now?
But before that...
Before that...
Guts!
The boy really does
try hard, doesn't he?
Isn't it ironic?
The more powerful his vitality is...
...and the longer he
draws out this struggle...
...the more precious will he be for
the one born in this darkness to feed on.
Sweet dreams to
you, our infant apostle.
Your entire being is
built upon Griffith's dream.
When his dream is over...
...you will finally open your eyes...
...within this dream that never ends.
Where...
Where am I?
I feel my body...
...sinking...
...deep...
Their deaths pierce through me.
The men I killed...
Because of my desires...
How strange...
I don't feel a thing...
Just sinking...
What's this?
The last tear drop you cried.
When a person faces suffering
so great that it can tear them in two...
...their heart freezes.
Behelits?
These are just splashes...
Splashes off waves in
the ocean of the other world...
A droplet of the future...
A calling from the other side.
Blood!
Isn't anyone alive?
Judeau!
Pippin!
Corkus!
Caska...
Commander...
Gaston!
You're alive!
Well, I hardly feel like I'm alive anymore.
Where's the rest of the group?
Who else is alive?
I don't know.
I was running like
hell trying to get away.
After a while I realized
what kind of condition I was in.
I don't know what
happened to the rest of them.
Commander.
What do you think this means?
It's as if we're in a bad dream.
Gaston!
Pippin!
You're alive!
You bastards!
It is the birth...
...of our fifth blessed King...
Our demon prince...
You are an extension of us...
Our latest kinsman
to wear the crown of evil.
The Wings of Darkness...
Femto!
Griffith?
Griffith!
Oh, it's beautiful...
How it moves me...
Love, hatred, torment, pleasure...
Life and death...
All together before our eyes...
This is the beauty of man...
...and the devil
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
You going?
Don't get yourself killed.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org